EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/product_description/order_history.md

# Order history

Order history enables searching for orders from the past, as well as invoices, delivery note and credit memo from the ERP. It does not matter which channel has been used to create an order (multichannel). The orders can be made by phone, fax, email or via online shop. 

> The documents for the chosen dates are fetched in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documents for the chosen dates are fetched in real-time.
```

> The user can choose which documents he wants to look for and decide for a period. If the ERP provides a tracking link this information will be displayed as well. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can choose which documents they want to look for and from what period. If the ERP provides a tracking link this information will be displayed as well. 
```

![](img/image2018-4-4_18-57-10.png)

> A customer can order the same products again easily:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A customer can easily order the same products again:
```
